Hey team,

Leandro speaking. Thanks again for being a part of this. I wanted to just jot 
down a couple of rules that we all should try to follow while coding this project. Let's begin...

1) Write as many comments to separate all your codes, similar to how the header and footer have
comments separating each section. Let's try to do this in all files (html,css,js)
2) The header and footer are done. I might just change the padding of the three lines (when screen shrinks)
, but it's not a big deal.
3) Everyone has been assigned a page, so, please don't edit/remove any code on a page that you 
are not working on. If you do want to change something on that page, then please let whoever is in
charge of that page know before you make any changes.

    Home Page --> Leandro
    About Page --> Wing Ki
    Resouces, Collaborate, and Events page ---> Luis and Annie

4) As a team we decided that we would have a 5% padding on all elements on the left and right side.
Let's do this for every element that is on either side (5% padding).
5) Also, let's try to make all containers with the CSS attribute of flexbox and flex, so this will make our
lives easier when we shrink the page.
6) Try your best to fix the format of all your elements so that it looks neat when you shrink the 
page. A tip, this works best with using the "media" attribute in CSS, like how the header and footer
have it. But let's try to worry about the shrinking after you finished everything on your page.
7) HTML, CSS, Javascript only (for now)
8) Put all files in it's respective folders
9) Let's focus on animations and any optional features after we've finished all main pages
10) If you make any edits, just make sure to press command + S to see the changes on Live server
11) If you begin coding and the footer starts to get out of control, meaning it is overlapping over 
the middle of your page, then go to the CSS page for that html file -> scroll to "#footer"->

#footer {
    /* position: absolute;
    bottom: 0;
    width: 100%;
    height: 2.5rem;  
    margin-top: -50px; */
    flex-shrink: 0;
}

Make sure the only line uncommented is the "flex-shrink". If you do this your footer will appear in
the middle, but that's ok. As soon as you add elements that are longer than a page, you footer will
stay at the bottom.

12) Also, if you have any images that you want uploaded into the images folder, then just send me the
image on discord and Ill upload it.
13) Let's not use bootstrap as a main option. Only as a last resort if nothing else works. It's bad practice to use bootstrap and it's constantly in development with changes.
14) Also, for those who have a similar format to the home page of a text in one side and the image on the 
other side, you can use the code in the test.html and test.css files. All you have to change is the text 
information and the first part of the class name to anything you want. This way most of our pages will have 
the same format and we don't have to go back and re-format the code at the end.
15) One other thing, let's try to stick to the format of adding these lines of code to each of your 
flex containers in your CSS file...

@media (min-width: 56.25em){
    .about-flex-container {
        display: flex;  
    }
}

By doing this, you tell your flex box that this is when you would like your container to shrink so all your
elements will line up together at the center similar to the elements of the Home page.

16) Have fun!

Additional Notes to discuss on Tuesday:
-Bold header club font
-style images across all pages with a shadow and corner-radius
-choose between current mail icon or gmail icon

Current notes Home page (Luis, we can talk about them when we meet too)
	- The join us button in the nav could be a bit smaller in height
	- Breakpoints don't seem to be placed correctly in the home's header buttons because sometimes they're stacked but others adjacent
	- Binary circle image is distorted when pixels > 950 or so and the rotation should be slowed down a little
        - also the Circle should go ontop on smaller screens and not on the bottom
	- Buttons width should be smaller and the red color should be matched to the figma since that is the red that our logo has
    -  Tone down the colors, we could set the color opacity os the sections to .10-.20 because the color contrast too much and it doesn't look too appealing
	- We should decide what fonts we want to stick to
	- Margins across each the sections is uneven (left and right)
    - The John Jay pic in the footer can be adjusted to look better
    - The footer seems to have some white space after it but it could just be something that's set right now that I dont know about 
test